feat: add docs on getting the browser url to Java (#182)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/browser/accessing-data-from-the-browser.asciidoc

---
title: Accessing Browser Details
order: 3
layout: page
---

> # Accessing Browser Details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Accessing Browser Details
```

> Sometimes you need to access certain details from the browser, like: screen dimensions, device pixel ratio.
> The `Page` object provides API to interact with the browser and retrieve data to the server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Page` object provides API to interact with the browser and retrieve data, for example, screen dimensions or device pixel ratio, to the server side. 
```

> ## Getting the Window Location URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Getting the Window Location URL
```

> To fetch the user browser current URL, you can use the method `Page.fetchCurrentURL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [methodname]`Page.fetchCurrentURL` method to fetch the current URL from the browser.
```

For example:

.Getting the browser URL
[source,java]
----

> include::src/main/java/com/vaadin/flow/browser/BrowserDetail.java[tags=get-current-url, indent=0, group=Java]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include::src/main/java/com/vaadin/flow/browser/BrowserDetail.java[tags=get-current-url, indent=0]
```
Only use `group` if you have the same example implemented for both Flow and Fusion.
